every lakin river has a resident
population of hippos they too are social
creatures
but they are also a territorial spy
hippo is going where a few others dare
to go
he needs to be cautious
[Music]
his subjects are notoriously bad temper
and they could be anywhere
[Music]
it's never a good idea to get on their
wrong side
spy hip who has been given a warning we
must avoid sudden movements as he gets
closer your wiggling shows confidence
facing one of Africa's most dangerous
animals spy hippo
must hold his ground the pod is made up
of females looked over by a single male
fortunately females are less aggressive
spy hippo is already capturing some of
the closest views that have ever been
seen but hippos spend much of their time
below the surface as the hippos dive so
must spy hippo
he mimics their movements rather than
swim
hippos walk underwater
[Music]
through the mark spy hippo glimpses an
extraordinary sight
[Music]
fish are shadowing the hippos every move
these are Barb's they usually feed on
the riverbed but when the hip was appear
they shawl around them as spy hippo
moves closer it's clear that their skin
is a maze of cuts and scratches these
fight marks easily become infected and
parasites can also invade
this is where the fish come in together
they set up an underwater clinic with
the hip who's as willing patients the
barbs may be skin specialists but
they'll try a bit of dental hygiene too
[Music]
after having a full-body treatment the
hippos seemed to enter a trance
[Music]
[Applause]